# Weekly Market Recap (2025-11-03)

IHSG was down -1.3% WoW, closing at 8,163 as the equity market continued to see flows rotation from the conglomerate complex to defensive stocks.

This was further exacerbated by MSCI’s proposal to change the free float calculation for Indonesian stocks (read our exclusive research on this issue).

However, if this is implemented, the negative effect will be felt across the entire Indonesian equity market, with significant foreign outflows in large-cap stocks like BBCA, BBRI, and TLKM as well.

Other indexes such as LQ45 (+0.4% WoW) and Sri-Kehati (+0.9% WoW) traded positively as banking and consumer sectors saw consecutive rally.

By IDX sector, Healthcare (+3.3% WoW) increased the most, followed by Technology (+1.7% WoW) and Consumer Cyclicals (+1.2% WoW).

Meanwhile, Industrials (-5.9% WoW), Properties & Real Estate (-2.6% WoW) and Energy (-1.9% WoW) dragged the index lower last week.

What’s next? The 3Q25 result season is now mostly concluded, where the majority of earnings by the large-cap stocks (excluding conglomerates) actually came slightly below analysts’ expectations.

Consumer sector was the spotlight with positive earnings performances seen in UNVR, SIDO, ULTJ, CMRY, WIIM and GGRM. They expect improvement in 2026 from more stimulus to spur the economy.

Performance in the banking sector was mixed where earnings for big banks were still declining, though guided for better outlook in 2026. Conversely, small banks beat estimates such as BJTM and BDMN.

Gold & CPO were the performing sectors in the commodity space where the companies continued to benefit from both higher price and production. Coal and nickel were still largely underperforming.

This week will be a crucial moment to mark the end of 2025, where MSCI will announce its index rebalancing. IHSG’s movement, flows and sentiment now rest on whether BREN and BRMS are included.
