# Weekly Market Recap (2025-11-10)

IHSG closed at 8,395 (+2.83% WoW) as the conglomerate complex posted a positive rebound on the back of MSCI’s decision to include BRMS and BREN in the upcoming index rebalancing this month.

Meanwhile, ICBP is excluded from the MSCI Indonesia Global Standard and KLBF is downgraded to MSCI Indonesia Small Cap.

DSNG, ENRG, MSIN, RAJA, and WIFI are included in the MSCI Indonesia Small Cap, while SMSM and ULTJ are excluded.

Additionally, MSCI was supposed to include TINS but was later cancelled as the stock was under full call auction (FCA) during its review.

Other indexes such as LQ45 (+2.64% WoW) and Sri-Kehati (+1.2% WoW) closed higher as well, driven by large caps fundamental stocks such as TLKM and ASII.

By IDX sector, Infrastructure (+5.9% WoW) led the rally, followed by Energy (+4.9% WoW), Industrials (+4.1% WoW) and Consumer Cyclicals (+3.3% WoW).

On the other hand, Properties & Real Estate (-3.6% WoW) and Consumer Non-Cyclicals (-2.3% WoW) underperformed the broader market.

What’s ahead? After 3Q25 financial results recap and MSCI index rebalancing announcement, IHSG is now likely in “wait-and-see” mode as most of the catalysts are already priced-in.

IHSG is starting to see liquidity slowing down, where last week’s total trading value of IDR88tn (-22% WoW) was lower than IDR113tn during the prior week.

Moreover, this was visible in foreign investors trading flows, where foreign net buy reached IDR3.45tn compared to IDR5.5tn in the previous week.

Market is expected to trade sideways approaching the year-end, as investors are positioned to take profit in the upcoming MSCI rebalancing, especially within the conglomerate complex.

On this note, investors will wait on MSCI’s final decision regarding free float calculation changes for Indonesia, which is set to be announced in Dec-2025.

News from last week:

BRMS plans to raise $600mn in syndicated loans. $300mn will be allocated to develop underground gold mine in Palu, Central Sulawesi and the remaining for mining explorations of PT Gorontalo Minerals and PT Linge Mineral Resources.

TPIA mentioned that its acquisition of Esso retail fuel stations in Singapore from ExxonMobil will boost its revenue by approximately $500mn, or roughly +10% from its 9M25 sales figure.

Indonesian Ministry of Finance said that the government will introduce a special excise tax policy for illegal domestic cigarettes producers in a bid to increase tax revenue and curb illegal sales.

Indonesia’s foreign exchange (FX) reserves increased from around $148.7bn in Sep-25 to $149.9bn in Oct-25, which was primarily driven by government bond issuances and tax service revenues.

The Financial Service Authority (OJK) of Indonesia stated that cryptocurrency transaction in the country reached IDR49.3tn (+27.6% MoM) in Oct-25, bringing the total 2025 value to IDR409.6tn.
